fix(fs): ignore OS specific paths in scope deserialization (#1837)
tauri-apps/plugins-workspace: .changes/fix-fs-scope-unknown-path.md

---
fs: patch
---

> Fixed an issue causing any `fs` APIs to throw an `error deserializing scope: unknown path` error when the permissions/scopes allowed OS specific paths that aren't available on the currently running OS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fix failing to deserialize capability file when using an OS specific path in the scope that is not available on the current OS.
```
